The `index.html` file has the Discovery methods page. The other files in this folder are various resources that are linked to from that page.

Note that the `personas-library.html` page only gives the introductory text, plus the basic HTML structure for the rest of the page. There are three other key pages that help generate the personas library:

1. [`/_data/personas_places.yml`](https://github.com/sunlightpolicy/informed-communities/blob/master/_data/personas_places.yml) provides the list of cities to be included. The order that they appear in that file is the order they will appear in the library. The fields used for each city are pretty self-explanatory, but note that `place_code` will be used to match specific personas with this city. This file is written in [YAML](https://learn.getgrav.org/16/advanced/yaml), a human-readable format for structured data. Be very careful with the usage of quotation marks. If you include a place in this list but don't want to display it in the personas library, then add `exclude: true` — see the very last line of [this file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sunlightpolicy/informed-communities/0817c5bb031806fe6475b053f368f100434ad83f/_data/personas_places.yml) for an example.
2. [`/_data/personas_list.csv`](https://github.com/sunlightpolicy/informed-communities/blob/master/_data/personas_list.csv) has the full list of personas. For each persona in this file, its `place` field must exactly match a `place_code` in the `personas_places.yml` file in order to be shown under that city! The `title` is the main title that is shown. The `name` and `age` fields are optional (specifically: you can have both, just a name, or neither... but not an age alone), and are the small text shown above the persona title. The `desc` field is the description (aim for one or two sentences) and `link` is the URL for the original source where people can find that persona. The `image` field has one of two things: either the file name of an image of the persona (as found in [`/assets/img/personas`](https://github.com/sunlightpolicy/informed-communities/tree/master/assets/img/personas)) or the word “none” if there’s no associated image.
3. [`/_includes/library-place.html`](https://github.com/sunlightpolicy/informed-communities/blob/master/_includes/library-place.html) has the HTML for what’s displayed for each city. The information from the above two files is fed into this. You probably shouldn’t need to edit this file.
